Addition of the `webextensions.api.tabGroups` documentation (#39370)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/add-ons/webextensions/api/tabgroups/update/index.md

---
title: tabGroups.update
slug: Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/API/tabGroups/update
page-type: webextension-api-function
browser-compat: webextensions.api.tabGroups.update
---

{{AddonSidebar}}

Modifies the state of a tab group.

## Syntax

```js-nolint
let updatedTabGroup = await browser.tabGroups.update(
    groupId                // integer
);
```

### Parameters

- `groupId`

  - : `integer` The ID of the tab group to update.

> - `updateProperties` {{optional_inline}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `updateProperties`
```

>   - : An object containing details of the property values to be matched in returned tab groups. Properties that aren't specified aren't modified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : An object containing details of the properties to update for this tab group. Properties that aren't specified aren't modified.
```

    - `collapsed` {{optional_inline}}

>       - : `boolean` Whether the tab group is collapsed or expanded in the tab strip.

Reviewer: Please check the whole patch and consistently add a period after the type.

```suggestion
      - : `boolean`. Whether the tab group is collapsed or expanded in the tab strip.
```

    - `color` {{optional_inline}}

>       - : {{WebExtAPIRef("tabGroups.Color")}} The name of the color to use for the tab group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - : {{WebExtAPIRef("tabGroups.Color")}}. The name of the color to use for the tab group.
```

    - `title` {{optional_inline}}

>       - : `string` The name of the tab group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - : `string`. The name of the tab group.
```
